	1. What is the GitHub URL for your branch's commits?  
		https://github.com/Autoume/autoume.git

	2. Which user stories did your team implement?  Include the text of those user stories here (but you do not need to include any associated graphics).

		Upload Resume: As a student or faculty member, When I log into the website, I want to be able to upload my resume quickly and easily by selecting the file from my computer, so that it is stored on the website for future use. 

		Delete Resume: As a user, When I no longer want my resume stored on the website, I want to be able to delete my resume permanently, So that my personal information is no longer accessible. Detail: A "Delete" option should be available on the user's profile, allowing them to permanently remove their resume from the database.

	3. What problems did your team encounter during implementation?  How did you solve these?
		Mainly just inexperience. Most of us have never used firebase before and had to code in languages that were completely or mostly unfamiliar. The solution was simply to just hammer down on learning the context and knowledge necessary to add to our prototype.

	4. Is there any missing functionality for those user stories?  If so, how does your team plan to address it?
		The only missing functionality is a "user profile" mentioned in the second user story. We still consider the second complete, but at this time can't be integrated into that other functionality. We plan to make a profile to navigate the website.

	5. How did each team member contribute to this milestone?
		Emeka: Set up backend of the website and github. Implemented the first user story into the website.
		Sharan: Implemented the second user story into the website
		Justin: Organized and planned development. Gathered and reviewed group code, and drafted assignment answers.
		Jonah: Implemented a searching feature to improve quality of first user story. There is a button to go to the search page and a button to return to the home page.

	6. What did you learn or observe about the style, quantity or quality of the codebase that you were modifying? 
It is a lot more expansive than expected just for a simple little website. Despite having a lot more quantity, the amount of clear encapsulation makes working with it much smoother than without.